c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\AVManager.exe.config
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\AVManager.exe
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\AVManager.pdb
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\AVManager.xml
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\Parse.dll
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\Parse.NetFx45.dll
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\Parse.xml
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\Parse.NetFx45.xml
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\obj\Debug\AVManager.Escaneos.resources
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\obj\Debug\AVManager.Resources.resources
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\obj\Debug\AVManager.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\obj\Debug\AVManager.exe
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\obj\Debug\AVManager.xml
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\obj\Debug\AVManager.pdb
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\obj\Debug\AVManager.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Antivirus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\AVManager.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Antivirus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\AVManager.application
C:\Users\Antivirus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\obj\Debug\AVManager.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Antivirus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\obj\Debug\AVManager.application
C:\Users\Antivirus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
C:\Users\Antivirus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
C:\Users\Antivirus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.ShellExtensions.dll
C:\Users\Antivirus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.pdb
C:\Users\Antivirus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.xml
C:\Users\Antivirus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.pdb
C:\Users\Antivirus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.xml
C:\Users\Antivirus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.ShellExtensions.pdb
C:\Users\Antivirus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AVManager\AVManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.ShellExtensions.xml
